Do you feel
The warm maid in your house
Looks a lot like you.
No
Don't you know very well who we are?
OK
About to board
Be careful on the road
Work smoothly
I'll wait for you to come back. Okay.
Lu Qinghan is waiting for you to come back
Your favorite Mu Suyu will also come back
I'm sorry to deceive you in this way.
Come back Wenxi will be as you wish
Disappear before your eyes
Dad?
A lot has happened recently
I've been working hard
I still can't save my mom
Mom
I don't hate that you and your brother are still alive
What do you do?
But what else?
Who did you pick up when you died?
I don't know why he knocked on the door
Suddenly it became why don't you touch that son
Poor Wang Yan!
Young husband and son are dead
I can't bear you at home in the future